Gol D. Roger was known as the Pirate King, the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the location of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece (which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame), and quite possibly the most coveted of titles for the person who found it, the title of the Pirate King.

Enter Monkey D. Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies the standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate who ransacks villages for fun, Luffy’s reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder; the thought of an exciting adventure and meeting new and intriguing people, along with finding One Piece. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach One Piece.

One Piece (Japanese: ワンピース Hepburn: Wan P?su?) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda. It has been serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Sh?nen Jump magazine since July 19, 1997, with the chapters collected into seventy-eight tank?bon volumes to date. One Piece follows the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy, a funny young man whose body gained the properties of rubber after unintentionally eating a Devil Fruit. With his diverse crew of pirates, named the Straw Hat Pirates, Luffy explores the ocean in search of the world's ultimate treasure known as "One Piece" in order to become the next Pirate King.

The manga has been adapted into an original video animation (OVA) produced by Production I.G in 1998, and an anime series produced by Toei Animation, which began broadcasting in Japan in 1999 and has aired 713 episodes to date. Additionally, Toei has developed thirteen animated feature films, two OVAs, and five television specials. Several companies have developed various types of merchandising such as a trading card game, and a large number of video games. The manga series was licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media, in the United Kingdom by Gollancz Manga, and in Australia by Madman Entertainment. The anime series was licensed by 4Kids Entertainment for an English-language release in North America, before the license was dropped and subsequently acquired by Funimation in 2007.

One Piece has received widespread critical acclaim, primarily for its art, characterization and humor. Several volumes of the manga have broken publishing records, including highest initial print run of any book in Japan. The official website for Eiichiro Oda's One Piece manga announced that the manga has set a Guinness World Record for "The most copies published for the same comic book series by a single author." As of the end of December 2014, the manga has 320 million copies printed worldwide.,[1] making it the best-selling manga series in history.





 sea-prism stone 

[8] The magnetic fields within the Grand Line cause normal compasses to not work there, making it even harder to navigate;[9] a special compass called a Log Pose (記録指針（ログポース） Rogu P?su?) must be used.[10] The Log Pose works by locking on to one island's magnetic field and then locking on to another island's magnetic field.[11] The time for it to set depends on the island.[12] This process can be bypassed by obtaining an Eternal Pose (永久指針（エターナルポース） Et?naru P?su), a Log Pose variation that is permanently set to a specific island and never changes.[13]

The world of One Piece includes anachronisms, such as the Transponder Snails (電伝虫 Den-Den Mushi?), snail-like animals that can be attached to electric equipment and function as rotary phones,[14] fax machines,[14] surveillance cameras,[15] and similar devices.[15] Dials (貝（ダイアル） daiaru), the shells of certain sky-dwelling animals, can be used to store kinetic energy, wind, sound, images, heat, and the like and have various applications.[16]

A Devil Fruit (悪魔の実 Akuma no Mi) is a type of fruit which when eaten, confers a power on the consumer.[17] There are three categories of Devil Fruits;[18] Zoan (動物系（ゾオン） Zoon) fruits allow the user to fully and partially transform into a specific animal; as well as real-life animals, some Zoan fruits allow the user to transform into mythical creatures.[19] Logia (自然系（ロギア） Rogia) fruits give control over and allow the user "to change their living body structure into the powers of nature".[18] Paramecia (超人系（パラミシア） Paramishia) is a category for fruits that give the user superhuman abilities.[20] They are said to be incarnations of the sea devil himself, and as a result, Devil Fruit users cannot swim in sea water, as "they are hated by the sea".[21] Sea-prism stone also has this effect. When even partially submerged in sea water, they lose all of their strength and coordination, although some abilities remain, such as Luffy still being able to stretch after being totally submerged. "Moving" water, such as rain or waves, does not have this effect. When a Devil Fruit user dies, the powers will be reincarnated into a new Devil Fruit. Devil Fruit powers can be in a stage called "Awakened", where the user can turn anything around them, besides their own bodies, into what their Devil Fruit power is.[22]

Haki (覇気?, lit. "Ambition") is a latent ability every living being in the world of One Piece possesses, though it is quiescent in most. There are three varieties of Haki: Color of Observation (見聞色の覇気 Kenbunshoku no Haki) allows to sense the presence of other beings and predict their movement. Color of Armament (武装色の覇気 Bus?shoku no Haki) allows one to envelop body parts and even inanimate forms with a force akin to an invisible armor that possesses defensive and offensive properties, also allowing one to inflict harm upon Devil Fruit users. The rare Color of the Conquering King (覇王色の覇気 Ha?shoku no Haki) enables one to intimidate or render beings of weak determination unconscious.[citation needed] Haki is shown that when it's used too much, it will stop working for certain periods of time.

Plot[edit]

See also: List of One Piece characters
The series begins with the execution of Gol D. Roger, a man known as the King of the Pirates (海賊王 Kaizoku??). Just before his death, Roger announces that his treasure, the One Piece (ひとつなぎの大秘宝 (ワンピース) Wan P?su?), will be available to anyone who finds it, beginning the Great Pirate Era (大海賊時代 Daikaizokujidai?). As a result, countless pirates set out to the Grand Line to look for the treasure.

Twenty-two years have passed since Roger's execution, and Monkey D. Luffy, a young man inspired by his childhood idol and powerful pirate "Red Haired" Shanks, sets off on a journey from the East Blue sea to find the One Piece and proclaim himself as the King of the Pirates. In an effort to organize his own crew, the Straw Hat Pirates (麦わら海賊団篇 Mugiwara Kaizoku-dan?), Luffy rescues and befriends a swordsman named Roronoa Zoro, and they head off in search of the One Piece. They are joined by Nami, a navigator and thief; Usopp, a sniper and a liar; and Sanji, a womanizing chef; in their journey, they acquire a ship named the Going Merry and engage in confrontations with pirates including Buggy the Clown, Captain Kuro and Don Krieg. Later, Luffy encounters Arlong, a fishman and member of the former Sun Pirates who thinks that fishmen are superior to humans. After Luffy defeats Arlong, Nami officially joins Luffy's crew and the Navy places a bounty on Luffy's head. Luffy, then meets Captain Smoker, a Navy captain who can turn into smoke. He briefly captures Luffy, but Luffy is saved by his father, Monkey D. Dragon, who is identified by Smoker simply as Dragon, the most wanted man in the world. After making their way into the Grand Line, the group meets Nefeltari Vivi, a princess who wants to help save her country, the Alabasta Kingdom, from the crime syndicate Baroque Works. They later befriend the doctor and anthropomorphized reindeer Tony Tony Chopper while in Drum Island.

The Straw Hat Pirates arrive in Alabasta, leading to battles with Baroque Works and their leader, Sir Crocodile. Luffy finally defeats Crocodile and liberates Alabasta. Soon after, Nico Robin, an archaeologist formerly employed by Baroque Works, joins Luffy's crew. They soon encounter Blackbeard, the alias of Marshall D. Teech, who also aspires to become the King of the Pirates. After traveling to the flying island of Skypiea, the crew gets involved in a war between the Skypieans and the Shandorians, leading to a confrontation against the island's ruler, Eneru, who has the power of lightning. Luffy defeats Eneru to save Skypiea and end the war. The crew soon meets the navy admiral Aokiji, who reveals that Robin was involved in searching for Poneglyphs, which are stones with markings left by an ancient civilization to reveal the missing 100 years of history that the World Government had erased. The group goes to Water 7, where they battle the cyborg shipwright Franky and are informed that the Going Merry is damaged beyond repair, leading to Usopp's temporary departure from the Straw Hat Pirates. However, Cipher Pol No. 9, the World Government's intelligence agency, captures Robin and Franky for information regarding the Poneglyphs and the ancient weapons that may come from them. Franky liberates himself from the government after burning his blueprints for one of the weapons, Pluton, and teams up with the Straw Hat Pirates to declare war on the government, resulting in battles between CP9 and its members. The final long battle with CP9 ends when the crew saves Robin. To replace the sunken Going Merry, Franky constructs a new ship, the Thousand Sunny, for the Straw Hats and officially joins the crew. Soon after, the crew helps a musician skeleton named Brook, who was revived after eating a Devil Fruit, find his shadow aboard the gigantic pirate ship Thriller Bark, which has been stolen by Gecko Moriah. After defeating Moriah, Brook joins Luffy's crew.

After arriving at Saboady Archipelago, the crew prepares to sail to the New World, the second half of Grand Line. While there, they befriend Silvers Rayleigh, the vice captain of Roger's pirate crew who they ask to coat their ship so they can travel underwater. The crew eventually gets separated during a battle with Bartholomew Kuma, a huge cyborg under the control of the Navy, at the Sabaody Archipelago; Luffy is transported to the all-female island Amazon Lily. Having learned that his adoptive older brother and the son of Gol D. Roger, Portgas D. Ace, has been detained at the government prison Impel Down, Luffy traverses there and liberates several of its prisoners, including the fish man Jimbei and some former enemies. However, Luffy soon learns that Ace is at Marineford to be executed at Navy headquarters. As Luffy arrives, war breaks out between the Navy and a group of pirates led by the legendary pirate Edward Newgate, also known by the alias Whitebeard. In the ensuing chaos, Whitebeard and Ace are killed. At Rayleigh's request, Luffy has his crewmates undergo rigorous training regimens, some under the tutelage of prominent figures.

Two years later, the crew regroups at Sabaody Archipelago and journeys to Fishman Island to enter the New World. During this time, a group of fishman pirates appear, seeking supremacy against humans, and hold a coup d'etat to decide the fate of the island. However, after Nami forgives Jimbei for releasing Arlong into the East Blue, the Straw Hats defeat the fishmen pirates, saving the island. The Straw Hats leave Fishman Island and finally reach the New World, though not before starting a feud with Charlotte "Big Mom" Linlin, one of the "Four Emperors", the strongest pirates in the New World. Entering the half-burning and half-freezing island Punk Hazard, the crew encounters an old acquaintance and a recently appointed Warlord, Trafalgar Law, and they form an alliance to take down Kaido, another of the Four Emperors. The alliance is drawn into a fierce battle against Caesar Clown, the scientist responsible for the destruction of Punk Hazard four years earlier, who is in the service of Donquixote Doflamingo. After Caesar's defeat, the alliance travels to Dressrosa, a kingdom ruled by Donquixote Doflamingo in an attempt to destroy the Smile factory as the next phase to defeat one of the Four Emperors, Kaido. In Dressrosa, Luffy competes in a competition to receive the Flame-Flame Fruit, formerly used by Ace. Sanji, Nami, Brook, and Chopper leave Dressrosa when Big Mom arrives to attack the Thousand Sunny. Luffy's other adoptive brother, Sabo, arrives and assumes Luffy's place in the competition to earn the Flame-Flame Fruit as Luffy leaves to rescue his friends. Luffy and Trafalgar Law defeat Doflamingo in a battle for Dressrosa's fate and save the country however, they have to flee Dressrosa from naval forces led by Admiral Fujitora to regroup with the others. After escaping a pirate alliance made-up of Doflamingo's underworld clients, the leaders of seven crews form an alliance that swear their loyalty to Luffy and create the Straw Hat Grand Fleet. Luffy, the remaining Straw Hats, Law, and two samurai know head to the mysterious island of Zou, which is on top of a giant elephant, in search for the remaining Straw Hats, the Heart Pirates and Momonosuke, a son of one of the samurai.

Production[edit]
While working as an assistant to Nobuhiro Watsuki, Oda began writing One Piece in 1996.[23] From there, it started as two one-shot stories entitled Romance Dawn[23]?which would later be used as the title for One Piece's first chapter and volume. They both featured the character of Luffy, and included elements that would later appear in the main series. The first of these short stories was published in August 1996 in Akamaru Jump and later in One Piece Red. The second was published in the 41st issue of Weekly Sh?nen Jump in 1996 and reprinted in 1998 in Oda's short story collection, Wanted!.[24]

Oda revealed that he originally planned One Piece to last five years, and that he had already planned out the ending, but he found himself enjoying the story too much to and now does not yet intend to end the series.[25] Oda stated that the ending will be what he had decided on from the beginning and is committed to seeing it through.[26]

When creating a Devil Fruit, Oda thinks of something that would fulfill a human desire; he added that he does not see why he would draw a Devil Fruit unless the fruit's appearance would entice one to eat it.[27] The names of many special attacks and other concepts in the manga consist of a form of punning, in which phrases written in kanji are paired with an idiosyncratic reading. The names of Luffy, Sanji, Chopper, Robin, and Franky's techniques are often mixed with other languages, and the names of a number of Zoro's sword techniques are designed as jokes; some of them look fearsome when read by sight but sound like kinds of food when read aloud?for example, Zoro's signature move is Onigiri, which is rendered as demon's cut but may also mean rice ball). Eisaku Inoue, the animation director, has said that the creators did not use these kanji readings in the anime since they "might have cut down the laughs by about half."[28] Nevertheless, Konosuke Uda, the director, said that he believes that the creators "made the anime pretty close to the manga."[28]

Oda was "sensitive" about how his work would be translated.[29] The English version of the One Piece manga in many instances uses one onomatopoeia for multiple onomatopoeia used in the Japanese version. For instance, "saaa" (the sound of light rain, close to a mist) and "zaaa" (the sound of pouring rain) are both translated as "fshhhhhhh."[30] Unlike other manga artists, Oda draws everything that moves himself to create a consistent look while leaving his staff to draw the backgrounds based on sketches drawn by Oda.[31]

When a reader asked Oda who Nami is in love with, Oda answered that there will not likely be any references to romance, in which Oda believes the intended demographic is not interested.[32]


ONE PIECE ERA

Grand Age of Pirates

Gol D. Roger was known as the Pirate King, the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and death of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the location of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece (which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame), and quite possibly the most coveted of titles for the person who found it, the title of the Pirate King.

Twenty-two years (Luffy emerge, and the formation of straw hat pirates)

New World


Origin

- One Piece (Japanese: ワンピース Hepburn: Wan P?su?) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda.The manga has been adapted into an original video animation (OVA) produced by Production I.G in 1998, and an anime series produced by Toei Animation, which began broadcasting in Japan in 1999 and has aired 713 episodes to date.

- 

Into the World of One piece

- 
